# Venue hire

Bar -OH is a great place to hold your birthday party, Christmas party,
launch party, or any other corporate event!  Unlike most other venues,
we don't charge you anything just to hire the space or to use our
games consoles: you pay only for your drinks while you're here.

## Where will we be?

For groups of 40 or more people, you will have a private area all to
yourself on our ground floor.  Nobody else will need to pass through
your area, so you can enjoy your evening undisturbed.

## What do we get?

You'll get free and exclusive use of all of the [retro consoles and
board games](/games) in your area for the whole evening.

You will be right next to our live music stage and you're welcome to
discuss music options with us, if there's a particular live act you'd
like to perform.

## What does it cost?

There is no charge to hire the space itself.  We do ask for a
non-refundable deposit of £100 to secure your reservation.  This
deposit will be deducted in full from your final bill for the evening.

## How do we pay?

For the £100 deposit payment, you can pay by card or by BACS transfer.
Please let us know if you need a full VAT invoice.

There are several ways you can handle payment for drinks during the
night.  Just let us know which one you prefer:

  * You can tell us how much you want to put behind the bar, and let
    your guests order up to this maximum spend.  After the bar tab
    runs out, your guests can pay for their own extra drinks.

  * You can give each of your guests a set number of drink tokens,
    making sure that everyone gets a fair chance.  Your guests can of
    course buy their own drinks once they run out of tokens.

  * You can run an unlimited bar tab, and just let your guests order
    whatever they like all night long!

To settle your final bill at the end of the evening, we will need to
take a card payment, unless you have arranged with us in advance to
settle the bill via an invoice.

## Welcome drinks?

High-quality cocktails take time to make.  If you're expecting
everyone to arrive en masse at the start of the evening, it would be a
very good idea to prepurchase some bottles of prosecco so that we can
offer everyone a welcome drink as soon as they arrive.  We can offer a
25% discount for any bottles purchased in advance.

## What about non-drinkers?

We have plenty of alcohol-free cocktails on our menu.  Any cocktail
marked with an asterisk (*) can be made as a low-alcohol or
no-alcohol version.

We also have alcohol-free beer and plenty of soft drink options
available.

## What about food?

We don't have our own food kitchen, but you're very welcome to bring
in your own food or to arrange for hot food to be delivered from one
of the many restaurants in the city centre.  The only caveat is that
we can't provide fridge or freezer space or wash up any dishes, so
please bring disposable plates and utensils!

## Excite me!

Would you like a custom cocktail themed just for your event?  Come
visit us in the early evening a week or two before your booking, and
talk to our bartenders about creating something unique just for you.
If it turns out really well, we may even keep it on our regular menu!

Maybe you've got a picture you'd love everyone to see?  Send it to us
in advance and we'll have it available to print on top of every
espresso martini (or any other drink with a foam top)!

## How do we book?

Please email us at enquiries@bar-oh.com to let us know what sort of
event you're planning, how many guests you'd like to invite, and when
you'd like to book for.  We look forward to hearing from you!

![Bar -OH full of people](images/crowd.jpeg)
